"Warm, friendly, courteous & helpful nature of the person. Listening with intent to understand, help & resolve issue customer was facing",Positive
problem sorted.,Positive
INCREASE NUMBER OF OUTLETS WHERE CARD IS ENTERTAINED,Negative
THE PERSON TALKED TO ME VERY RESPECTFULLY AND TO THE POINT. HE WAS VERY RESPONSIVE OF MY QUERRIES.,Positive
Better response from customer service is excepted.,Negative
Courteous and polite consultant.,Positive
He was helpful and did tell me the best way to use my points.,Positive
The kind of offers and the kind of treatment you get of being card holder and kind of service and support you receive is great,Positive
It was very helpful in answering the query and providing the solution.,Positive
My experience with customer care has always been great. She was courteous & professional and moreover I could feel from my interaction with her that she was eager to to help. I was delighted.,Positive
quick response was not provided,Negative
wider acceptability of card in line with VISA OR MASTER. This is lacking now.,Negative
"Prompt response to queries, mails raised by customers rather than asking me to contact some body else. Donot look for more business, if your service is not prompt.",Negative
Prompt & Candid response...rather putting up more questions.,Negative
Time and aginn the same old issue is being referred. I do not want to pay card renewal charges as in 2003 I was offered a free card and upgradation along but for some reason he is enjoying free membership but mine was withdrawn? there after I do no not want to sbcribe turbo reward but every year you keep on charging,Negative
Better support / knowledge of the people,Negative
Please do not misguide customers If company would have kept to its brand and not promised and then backtrack on the services offered.,Negative
"As per my last conversation with customer care guy,he would give me a call regarding my query.But he didn't come back.That is pathetic. Better services..still i am not seeing in this card.",Negative
Executive was very cordial and helpful.,Positive
Company should have worked out a solution with the Kingfisher to help me book the tickets The Kingfisher co-branded card needs to be more felxible to tranfer the points earned to King miles based on customers needs and not one fixed day of the month. it should be customer friendly instead of a simplistic solution for company. I had to incur a finacial loss of approx Rs. 1400 because of the inflexibility,Negative
The customer care executives revert,Positive
"Gesture, greeting and quality talk",Positive
"Good greetings, understand customer problem and assured to deliver replacement card within 3 days. I got it. Thanks to the phone banking officer.",Positive
the approach is so client friendly and reasonable solution based.,Positive
"I expressed my inability of not using the card. Because when I used it in Koutons. System did not accept the card. it was asking for pin, which was never communicated to customer. The representitive collected the info but no feedback or update further on this. To make it excellent representative to be more customer oriented.",Negative
Its always a great experience talking to your phone banking officers. They are well empowered and clearly demonstrate that customer is in focus. Whole industry talks about customer experience but they fail and you really mean what you say.Really appreciate the best/class services provided by you to your customers.,Positive
Their was no politeness and please resolve the issue without forwarding the call to some senior for help,Negative
That time I was truing to register my card on your site. but i faced some issue so called n that guy is very helpful and he register my card within a minute.,Positive
The help was Promt and I got my blocked card unblocked in < 1 day. The representative was too good to solve my problem on high priority basis.,Positive
Still My issue regarding the payment is not solved.,Negative
Improve customer service levels..........,Negative
"It is very helpful for me for Reset my Password of my login, from Security point of view I can faith on this service, thanks a ton.",Positive
Every time when I contact to call center I found that they always talk with an attitude and unfocused.,Negative
I think the best part of the response and energy with which the associate responded. Very pleasing to hear and very helpful..great service overall,Positive
The manner in which the information sought was given was nice.It was complete. However I wish that the internet account information also include the gross spends made by me in a card year.,Positive
I had to call twice to have the problem resolved. It would have been better if the issue had been resoved on the first call itself.,Negative
The behaviour & the manner of param the executive which is handling the call & understanding the situation & need of customer what the customer wants & clear the issues wisely without any hassles,Positive
The way executive explain my query was really nice and he was able to solve my all queries.,Positive
"I would expect an answer immediately on why my payment is not showing up in my card account. More importantly, I made the payment on 15th Oct and the money was debited from my RBS account immediately, which essentially means the money should have credited to my card account on the same day. However the payment later showed up in my card account with a date of 21st Oct, which is not acceptable. I would expect these information to be provided in the call.",Negative
"I had to call twice to make my request addressed, same could have been done in one call itself",Negative
More access and acceptance of cards is a problem,Negative
I enquired about how to view unbilled transaction. I did not got an answer and still waiting for a call back.,Negative
Excellent customer service and very friendly,Positive
"Not only the call on 2nd Feb..there have been calls in the past as well where im concerned about my experience dealing with company and despite promising to arrange a call back from a concerned person, there is no call that i get, no response i get. Please have a look at the calls done in the past as well and you would know what needs to be changed/improved.",Negative
"Being more polite, not raising voice, not banging down the phone you need to be patient and polite with the customer and talk with a smile on your face and not get irritated",Negative
They were proactive and helpful,Positive
RESPONSE TIMELINE SHOULD BE MORE POLITE AND TELE CALLERS HAVE BECOME A MENNACE.,Negative
An immediate solution could have been offered but it was not,Negative
"Customer requirements should have been met/fulfilled The terms and conditions that are prevailing at the time when a customer sgns up for your product should not change in future, like you did in case of Kingfisher First Credit Card that the rewards points are compulsarily now being transferred to King Club miles. Whereas, i wanted to retain the points for products in rewards catalouge.",Negative
detailed information and understanding of the person explaining the product features and policy was excellent.,Positive
"The representative I spoke with was very courteous, understood the reason of my call, attended the call in a very professional manner, provided all the relevant information to me.",Positive
Horrible service.,Negative
The executive had a clear understanding of the subject,Positive
If I would had been given the permission to use my card to buy jewellery from the back end team would have really been nice.,Negative
"One of the conditions I stated when I signed up for the card, which was confirmed by the sales re., was that I could choose my card's billing statement monthly scheduled date. However, the customer service rep. stated that this could not be done. Why sell the card on false promises? As mentioned in my previous response. Adtionally, card is not widely accepted as I was led to believe - and I have checked this in India, UAE and the US",Negative
"The approach, the style, the helpfulness, the friendly nature. Absolutely fantastic team",Positive
Every things explained by agent and help provided was very good,Positive
Improve your service to customer.,Negative
By providing offers and solutions by which the reward points could be used more effectively.,Negative
You should not had asked me to call bill desk directly. I do not consider bill desk as my service provider.,Negative
"the way she lead me to solve my issues is excellent and the concern and the way she spoken to me was really good , when i compare the people who speaks to me from citi bank credit card department, the lady to whom i have spoken was 100 % perferct.Every person should have such kind of nature to treat the customer well.",Positive
You are asking me to rate a particular call when I called to cancel the card services rather than asking my experience with company and why I am cancelling the card. Too little too late to be asking this question.,Negative
Meet the commitments promised,Negative
"Unfortunately, company does not deliver what they promise. YOU have mentioned free domestic tickets if we spend Rs. 1,75,000/- on your card . your dictionary of free means only for base fare ( a joke. Free means Rs. 200 ) and we have to bear the brunt of taxes.",Negative
The card service is neither widely available or acceptable compared to other cards.,Negative
"The person on the call gave me an excellent advice on my query like how should I go ahead, he was very polite and understood the requirement easily!!",Positive
"No clear resolution. Made me attempt something twice with the problem not being fixed each time. However, ensured my card does not get charged. Sadly, blamed it squarely on the merchant, even though I clearly mentioned that I have never been able to transact online with ANY merchant using my card. Accept the error/bug in your system. Provide a tangible solution, along with time lines when the solution would be in place and a follow-up call from someone at with a clear explanation of what was done to fix it.",Negative
"Better understanding of my needs. 1. Mobile secutity alerts while shopping. 2. E Mail statements, which I am not getting. 3. People refrain from annual charges. 4. Compitetion has better offers and better acceptability.",Negative
Immediate action which was not done. I felt that the action was rather beauracratic and not needed,Negative
Professional response to the query. Helped right away. Great work overall.,Positive
THE RATE OF INTEREST FOR SPEND CONVERTED ON EMI SHOULD BE LESS.,Negative
Unfortunately it is comparatively accepted by limited number of Vendors. Their basic grouse is the %commission it too high and sometimes or rather most of the times this Burden is passed on to the Card Member which technically is serious!!!!,Negative
Even though the call was made at a non-concerned department it was routed very promptly & with courage to the concerned department. The executed helped in as much as short time as possible.,Positive
The attitude of the person attending my call and his approach to be with me till the issue was resolved made it excellent,Positive
Best in services..benefits,Positive
"The executive was courteous,patient and came across as genuinely interested in helping the caller. Better credit terms. company's billing policy is difficult to understand. Billing and payment should be similar to other cards like HDFC (which i rate as the most customer friendly bank).",Negative
payments made by us through NEFT does not get credited in our acoount and only on next statement 's receipt we get to know we have experinced this few times and found out mistake are from your end and not from our end pleaase set right your system otherwise i will not use thiss card,Negative
The support executive has resolved my issue on the timelines she specified,Positive
I had asked for upgraading of my card from Gold to Platinum. I am given a ref. no. and promise that rep will call me on 3rd or 4th June when I was going to be in Mumbai. Neither anyone has called nor there is any furhter response. Unprofessional,Negative
Personalised and receptive respondent and was very pleasant and helpful.,Positive
"The Executive was quick to understand the need, provided dates by when reversals would be completed. And most importantly, I did not have to follow up.",Positive
Well the girl who answered was extremely helpful to my needs.,Positive
Call me with your feedback on the action taken to the pt i raised. Responsive customer service with action taken attitude. Wider acceptance of ur card is an issue.,Negative
"The courteous way in which representative spoke. She looked extremely glad to speak to me again. In this age of constant stress and tension, someone making you feel that special is no more common. Hence calling this company is a pleasant experience for me.",Positive
"My request was well understood, attended to by your representative. I appreciate this quick and efficient service.",Positive
I should have been provided exact date of revert. It has been 10 days now and I have still not heard from team!!!,Negative
Clear and to the point response on the query. Compared to my earlier calls where lot of promises were made but no action at all even after many calls.,Negative
The Support executive did not understood my problem.,Negative
The rep was excellent and he was great while understanding my concern.,Positive
Resolved the issue on the fly while I was on call.,Positive
"There was no executive to answer the query.the phone was on hold for infinite mins.to get details of kingfisher miles and bookings another no had to be contacted which also had very poor service Improve your service,have more customer relationship managers and after we have opened a new account for 6 months the CRM should contact regularly for any assistance",Negative
"Very fast understanding of the problem, quick solution and execution, very much favourable to me and well thought suggestions made to resolve my problem.",Positive
Your executives should do what they promised to do.when they say they will call back they never do so. They should stop asking irrelevant questions.,Negative
customer Rep attitude towads resolving my call and her honest followup made the expirence Excellent. She definately made me feel the diffrence your service levels as compared to others,Positive
The cheerful and warm attitude of the Customer Service Representative with whom I spoke made my day. He was very helpful in providing all the information sought by me and was proactive in his approach.,Positive
"Prompt solution , pleasant conversation ,no waiting time",Positive
"My query got resolved promptly and she really helped answer all my questions. Actually i had toquit in between the call, but she called back and made sure my queries are resolved. Delighted",Positive
Customer care people were very professional and addressed customer concerns timely with utmost care to leave customer in good state.,Positive
Willingness to help and recognition for loyalty,Positive
"The credit amt on my card is reduced due to extranneous factors.i.e. so called CIBIL report which itself is age old & do not have any updated data. If you are going to rely on their data GOD it shows how premitive is your working culture. Do not agree with your policy of reduction without intimation & am surprised to hear comments by your service executive that not having used card fully is the criteria but the opposite is the fact you keep reducing amt & how do you expect us to use card? When I countered this question, you have no answer. It only means that you are not interested in having long term relationship but limited one. Let it be that way if this is what is your so called policy is.",Negative
The executive was very prompt. He took the initiative to call me back and inform me after resolving the issue. This call back is very much appreciated.,Positive
I spoke regarding a supp card application ! he handles the call very nicely! best service ever..,Positive
clarity & quick response..,Positive
all the information was precise and no cause for complains from my side.,Positive
The way the Executive spoke on the phone was very kind and courteous. She was quite eager to sort out my problem.,Positive
Just follow up. I was said I will hear back in 48 hours which never happened. Terrible,Negative
"More analysis into customer purchase history and payment pattern is appreciable. Offers made to customer could become more relevant then. As mentioned earlier, relevant offers must be offered to customers. For e.g. if a customer has purchased a LCD recently, he must be offered a deal for DVD player or home theatre and not on another LCD TV.",Negative
"I would suggest you stop BUGGING your card-holders with value-add proposition, especially when I tell your CE executive (am sure outsourced) that I'm not interested. Inspite of it, for the same product, I get calls 3 times a day, which is irritating and bad experience.",Negative
Its been two months now and I have still not received my card.,Negative
The phone service executives should be enpowered with certain tools so that they can take decisions,Negative
Respond to the customer's issue,Negative
Miscommunication was avoided. It was a pleasant experience.,Positive
The agents courtesy and willingness to help,Positive
The waiting time is to be reduced The user credentials to be validated once - At the IVR and let not the customer repeat the card number and other details multipletimes to the CSR Inclusion of more merchant outlets that accept the card. Reduction of the processing fee to be in par with the card providers such as VISA and MAstercard,Negative
Unfortunately they check all details again irrespective of i enter thru valid data authentication or not company does not have a reach for a common man. your cards are not accepted at the basic shops where a common man will visit. these are accepted in Jewellary shop and in Expensive malls not in regular malls and shops,Negative
acceptance is too low. not a great card i would say.,Negative
The agent has given the information which I did not know and it helped me to decide what action I need to take on my card account. All my queries were solved so I think it was excellent service not just only because the agent gave the proactive information but also because they provided good options and offers. So overall it was a excellent service.,Positive
The rep was very polite and did helped me to generate pin with ease..Thanks for your support,Positive
More Rewards on Kingfisher Card. When we are not travelling much it will be of no use to convert the existing points to King Miles.,Negative
"A simple followup & update the same which is a milli second Job.Could not see the same from your end. To be very frank,never atleast with the present scenario.The reason being CARD,is not at all accepted & i am not confident of carrying only this card for my swiping of transcations.It may be a renowed MNC,but a lot to be done for making it acceptable.",Negative
"The executive sounded like he was reading from a script, was slightly hesitant at first, was not clear in his speech to start with but warmed up along the way.He was able to answer my query about a dubious email from company as well as information about my payments status. He was polite and courteous and the call ended well.",Positive
"The Customer Service Representative was very polite, warm and had a very Customer Centric approach. The call was at midnight (at 1.00 am ) , yet he was very alert and energetic . His approach towards call handling made the service I received excellent.",Positive
Executive has taken complete ownership to resolve the issue. Provided the correct information and excellent follow up to understand the closure of the issue.,Positive
"The person talked very nicely.... I was assured a call back with resolution to my problem, however I am afraid that was not the case. The issue is open for more then 3 months and has not been closed.",Negative
Courteousness and cooperation in solving the problem.,Positive
No improvements free of charge please.....,Negative
The representative was very friendly and helpful.,Positive
It was a very good experience and the rep was helpful.,Positive
More or less it was a nice experience.,Positive
You need to improve concierge service to be able to secure table reservations and seats at sports events in the city.,Negative
"Had contacted to understand issuance of redemption vouchers for Indigo Airlines. The call was attended promptly and courteously. The person on the other side responded enthsiatically to my request. The entire redemption request process took just couple of minutes and it was a customer delight. As stated by the Service Executive, the e- redemption vouchers received within 48 hours.",Positive
Very courteous eager to help attitude of the associate.,Positive
It is great experience. I could have got to know issues proactively,Positive
The call was handled in the best of the ways..kudos..,Positive
"Whenever I tried to use card either for shopping or online purchase, many of the merchants refuse to accept it. Shocking",Negative
i raised the online dispute against this transaction again no action was taken against this fraud transaction and i even did not receive any call from company then finally when second debit occured at my card. I was forced to call customer care and ask them to pay my remove the charges against my card as i did not authorise these chrages occuring in US dollars.,Negative
Waiting time was too long before we could discuss,Negative
"Customer Rep got me what i always wanted.....a free kingfisher ticket extension. also, her strong communication skills made it a pleasure speaking to her. it was fantastic !",Positive
"faster response, clearly understanding requirement of user",Negative
The quick and appropriate response needed with the warmth required.,Positive
"Things explained on the phone could have been discussed over e-mail (information on how dinning discounts and free movie tickets etc., could be availed). While the customer service personnel was helpful, long and detailed gyan over calls is not so happening.",Positive
It was a first call resolution given in just a few seconds...the consultant was proactive and helpful and understood my concern very well..,Positive
understood the seriousness of the situation and offered help,Positive
The details punched in through IVR didn't get recognised and I had to verify my identity once again verbally wasting time which could have been avoided..,Negative
My query could not be answered by CSR since he himself was also not clear on the same . Hence i repeat once again that as a card owner if I am not able to use for payment settlement at big jwellary house / a big shopping malls than this card is of no use to me and its incentive schemes can never be achieved by any user.,Negative
The agent advised me that company was doing me a favor by taking up disputed amounts with the merchandiser. I had to report the same dispute in May 2012 as well but it was only rectified partly.,Negative
Very good handling of queries. Clear communication. Proactive responses.,Positive
An appointment was taken for following up with few documents. I would have appreciated if somebody was sent to honour the appointment. Nobody turned up. Its not widely accepted. I was surprised when even big hospitals like Apollo Hospital also did not accept Cards. Horrible experience,Negative
Good support from the CSR,Positive
"Since I am deputed out of India most of the times for months, I may have to cancel my cards or atleast know the procedure to do so while I am abroad.",Negative
acceptance at outlets should be improved,Negative
instant information and polite behavior As this card is internationally acclaimed and online friendly.,Positive
The deadline to dispute a transaction should be extended. Now it is 60 days but often I am not able to review my statements within 60 days. Need better recourse and protection against charges made by unscrupulous merchants,Negative
"Nothing as such, just the yearly membership fees are too high as compared to other banks providing credit card. Infact most of them provide it free.",Negative
A quicker response time is needed. more to the point answers.,Negative
i am still not able to make out you ppl spend so much on IT but still getting the information for s person takes endless time.....should improve this waiting time. Well better service,Negative
I made many changes and Customer Representative was very responsive,Positive
"Very prompt response and redressal by your Mumbai Sales team which almost wanted me to return my card 1. Your sales team was the pits, their supervisor even more so. No response let alone any redressal. Cust Rep in the 24x7 phone banking set that right very promptly.",Negative
provide me a case number and do a call back as it was promised. Nothing was done and I haven't still received my card and also not very sure if my address details have been changed or not. this is a kind of service that I was not expecting. Pathetic.,Negative
The politeness of response and the accuracy of detail was great.,Positive
"The executive was very courteous, friendly and professional. My problem was quickly understood and promptly rectified.",Positive
expensive card,Negative
Understanding the request and providing resolution in the fastest and courteous manner.,Positive
"I called to upgrade my gold charge card to platinum charge card. i was told to expect a call on June2nd, but as it is, I am yet to receive a call.",Negative
1. Responsiveness 2. Taking responsibility of my service request 3. Taking exception to accept my request,Positive
Quick understanding my requirement/query and promt action there of by your executive,Negative
I raised issue regarding few grocery stores who don't accept card even being partner with the company. The executive was very quick to raise the issue further by sending email to higher authority. However seeing the expected result will be more satisfying.,Positive
The number mentioned on the Green Card does not exist,Negative
"Very courteous conversation, great help, resolved my questions in just one call. I am very happy with the service.",Positive
"i wish to say that during my short tenure as a customer, i found it to be the most dishonest bank that i've dealt with till date.",Negative
Rep was courteous. Amazing experience.,Positive
He is very helpful and supportive.,Positive
Taken the call with more responsibility.,Negative
I am very happy with your service and as always never have wait for an answer !,Positive
"It was regarding 1.Excess usage of limit- more particularly by making excess payment, the customer support executive listen to the difficulties and immediately agreed to accept suggestion and 2. Issue of Additional Credit card and she noted the request immediately.",Positive
Courteous Policies in the repayment structure need to be re-looked at. Customers are not at all trusted.,Negative
"I had called for an payment issue on the card where my bill amount did not match the payment that company did on behalf of me to vodafone , the person tried to match the figure during the call but could not find and asked me for addiotional time and he told he would call me once he gets things verified, that was ok as infomation was needed to be collected, but the call only came in evening, This actual was disappointing if the card was by any chance misused than i was exposed for a day which does not make sense, It is ok the call rates are high and could not reach in case of any other qurey you get delayed but no in case of misused card or such queries.",Negative
"The response was so spontaneous and prompt that it made me personally feel happy and releaved of a burden. It was a treat to the whole crisp conversation. Thanx Just keep it up , Kudos !!!",Positive
"The caring attitude (perfect !), the to-the-point and clear responses and the executive was easily understandable.",Positive
just a quicker reply and better speaking english personal.,Positive
"I wanted a new PIN number. I was asked to fax the form to your Gurgaon number which I did. I have not received the PIN Number till date, nor any further response from company I should have been provided my PIN number for helping me to withdraw cash. Or at least there should have been a call from your Customer Service Executive in case of any problem.",Negative
"Though the executive was able to convince me to keep the card but still she has no answer to the limited acceptability of card. According to her i' d use the card for bill payment, utility payments. But it this the gud use of a Diner Card.",Negative
The call was made for debiting the card membership fees to bill. At the time of purchase of card I was advised that for fees first the call will be made to me and then only the fees will be levied. However this did not happen and the bill for Sept 2011 was with the Annual card fees. Moreover on observing the same I came to konw that the annual fees was debited two times in same statement this was puting salt on the wound. When I contacted the customer service executive on 7.10.2011 it was advised to me that the the double billed Annual card fees will be removed and the fees will be reduced to Rs. 2151/- and a credit of 5000 points to my card account. Also it was advised to me that an email to this extent will be sent to my email id. Till date I have not recd any email confirming above. ,Negative
Be a bit more logical in the approach to resolve the issue.,Negative
No waiting time Accurate answer Courteous agent,Positive
The Agent who spoke with me was very good at his work. He was able to solve my problem in less than 24 hours and also get back to me within the promised time. His customer dealing was excellent. He was able to put me at ease with his friendly and helpful manner. He understood the problem well and spoke clearly. He is clearly well-trained and exhibited a customer oriented approach. I am very happy with his dealing.,Positive
"my cheque was not credited even after sending 10 days earlier. so I asked for remedy, as i was worried, the executive who attended me over the phone was very nice and told me not to worry and told me nicely what to do, which really made me very happy and followed his instructions",Positive
First have the customer details when they are discussing. If you promise to call back please do or atleast send an email that if not what customer think ? Check when you are taking how it is helped to the customer with your answers or actions ....,Negative
"personal attention by your executive, very warm and helpful",Positive
The warmth and understanding displayed by the executive was exemplary,Positive
"Professionalism, courtesy and clarity",Positive
The quality of customer service agents is fantastic. And I remember asking her name as she was very helpful. I think her name was Isha. She was very very helpful.,Positive
All issues were resolved,Positive
Have not received any acknowledgement of the solution so I am still worried that has it been done.,Negative
Could have briefed about the best offers available or could have ask about mine interest on the different fields for shopping.,Negative
The communication and the intent to help.,Positive
"the customer care representative was very much polite and understands what ever my query was and the reply also was clear and satisfied. The way they greet,answer for queries is excellent.",Positive
If company shows care for long time customers like me and providing services based on customer profile,Negative
The Rep was very polite and tried her best to help me out..excellent cs...well done !!,Positive
"The kingfisher offer of free tickets on the KF FIrst Card is an absolute lie. And therefore, i may not recommend company to anyone",Negative
I was promised a call back from someone senior to answer my queries fully but never got a call back,Negative
Rep should understand the issues and then try to help.,Negative
I enjoy speaking to customer care executives as they ar filled with energy and very positive. They try to help us positively,Positive
The wait was longer than expected Wait period,Negative
"Although a reference number was given at the time of my first call, I was assured that I would be contacted within 48 hours which never happened. When I called my request was not agreed by the bank even though I have had an excellent track record for the past 12+ years with the bank.",Negative
"People, customer care and service",Positive
A premium card has to come with premium services. After this experience I cannot convince my friends of the same.,Negative
Customer Rep was very polite and patient. I could see her willingness to help address my queries. She followed up to resolve my issues. Great support!,Positive
The agent was very friendly & was able to answer all my queries well.,Positive
very less waiting time to talk to the CSR. Very responsive and professional CSR,Positive
Reduce high service charges in a few places,Negative
The response to my query could have been faster.,Negative
"Service provided by your rep was excellent, infact i have am very much satisfied with your customer service... I have never turned up as disappointed customer. Every time i call Call center they provide extra mile service by providing all related information ... Please cinvey my Sincere thanks to Team and do appriciate them for going extra mile.",Positive
"a little bit of understanding. rather then being ""right""",Negative
1. On 2nd Nov or so I had taken prior approval for Rs. 2 lakhs payment to a Delhi hotel. The hotel would accept the card provided I paid 4% extra charge. I did not use the card. Unacceptable,Negative
Get me the resolution after many followups,Negative
Agent was courteous and much appreciate in listening and communication skills,Positive
"I have two relationships with company; a personal (Gold Charge) and a Corp one. Whenever I call company I get a worm welcome and the representatives always deal with my queries/issues with all the empathy that, as a customer, I expect. Irrespective of whether they can address the issue or have an explanation for it, the process of deligance is always pleasent when I reach out company. Above then always mention company as family",Positive
"A follow-up call would have been better. Because, I raised a query, and was informed someone from Delhi will contact me. Never happened till today. ""Keep the words"". I was told I will be given a call back in 3-4 days. Never happened and still waiting.",Negative
the response to the query shld have been short and instant when the situation demanded the same solved my query and revoke the benefits that were there in the card...now the card is advantageous for company and not the customer,Negative
Solved my problem!! I still don't have an answer to what do i get now as Kingfisher Gold tier is gone... what are you doing to compensate me against this...,Negative
Empathy demonstrated by the person who taken my call. Not only she followed up on my concern but proactively also called me to update the status - amazing service!,Positive
i gave information on one of the establishment - Columbia Asia hospital not accepting your cards. i was told that there will be a revert within 2-3 days on the same. i have not yet received any update whether it has been resolved or not.,Negative
"What was missing was the seamless transfer of information between two card accounts of the same person. I had to resubmit the proofs, which shaved of two days off the already short time before my trip to the UK. I still haven't received the add-on cards that were promised. '- Lesser joining fees - better benefits for the card holder who recommends",Negative
"Good product understanding , good communication , desire to serve the customer",Positive
My request was promptly addressed and resolved in one go. Also the talk was pretty friendly and didn't sound artifical at all; it felt as if i talked to someone i know.,Positive
Had i got complete information regarding qualification for the promo.,Negative
Wth all my rewardpoints been transferredtKingfsher every month I don't dee any value in this as Kingfisher service standards have gone from poor to worst. I needed to redeem te ticket by virtue of spnding 5.25 lcs but could not contact Kingfisher. No body was responding to the call (even your executive tried but failed). I don't see s solution in sight and a made to think - WHY am I using this card?,Negative
"Customer rep was extremely cheerful and helpful. Having gone through a tragedy in the last few days, his cheerfulness and instant help were much appreciated and well received. Please do give him my regards and commendations. Keep it Up!",Positive
"Even though I can't see the customer service rep, it seems like they're enjoying their job and are actually looking to help out.",Positive
Courteous response excellent mannerisms good command over the language above avg responsiveness good comprehension of the query,Positive
Quick response & Clarity of communication.,Positive
The waiting period to answer specific query could be avoided by transfering the call to the concerned senior who could have helped me directly The clarity given to me on accounting the EMIs in the monthly statement. Total payable amount in statement is not clear,Negative
"The call was fine, but I was expecting answer for the India Health Card but received only the soft copy of the policy which I believe was sent to me early.",Negative
rep was courteous,Positive
politeness and information which the executive was having was really good. Guidance provided by the executive was really helpful.,Positive
"The person who handled my call was not only very helpful but also pleasing to talk to, she very promptly was able to answer my queries and help me with my request.",Positive
nothing i can think of - it was the policy which needs to be looked into. Secondly I am having a lot of difficulty getting accepting of my card - outlets bluntly refuse or charge upto 4% for swiping my card. I have been struggling to get acceptance to buy a LED TV at different outlets.,Negative
Excellent customer support executives,Positive
speaking to the customer care executive was very informative,Negative
offers should be explained by the agent properly.,Negative
"The tone of the customer service representative, the way they speak, the manners, it all represents the best to me",Positive
"Acceptance of credit cards is a big pain. Even talking about the big retailers, the card is not accepted at more than 50% big retailers. And in case of day to day purchase stores or small to medium retailers, the card acceptance is even less than 20%. So I would not feel secure going for shopping with only this card, who knows it might not be accepted where i shop.",Negative
company did not give any consideration to old members which is disheartening.,Negative
Rep heard my situation out without jumping to any conclusion. She showed empathy. Thank you!,Positive
the executive listened to me attentively and immediately understood my reason for calling. Very effectively and politely she then provided me with solutions that exactly catered to my requirements.,Positive
The kind of help and guidance provided on line to complete the transaction.,Positive
"She was very helpful. This was my second call regarding a similar concern, so instead of making me repeat the entire story like other CSRs (which is very frustating) she took a moment to brief herself with the background of the issue and continued the call after that.",Negative
"To resolve an issue, instead of replying with a pleasant conversation only.",Negative
This is a lapse in your internal procedure for which we are being penalised which is hell. we hope to receive fresh vouchers in our favour at the earliest. maybe if you included more hassle free operation and reduce your fees.,Negative
Little more patient hearing. Although I believe the AGENT was POLITE and HUMBLE enough. But should have been a good listner and given the customer full chance to speak,Negative
"My Main call is that while i was shopping at a Business center, they actually want to charge 2% of my Bill amount. which ws not fair. so when i contacted the customer support, they assured that it wud b resolved. after handing over the call to the Business manager, the issue was not resolved. i feel lost after assurance from your team.",Negative
"I din't have to struggle in explaining the problem. Once I conveyed problem, immediately they helped me by taking the action and confirmation on spot. Excellent service and quick action",Positive
The executive was hardly able to help on the issue and showed least interest in resolving it,Negative
The rep was courteous and she knew what she was doing.,Positive
NOTHING SPECIFIC.MY ONLY REQUEST IS THAT YOU MAINTAIN THE CURRENT LEVEL OF SERVICE MORE ACCEPTABILITY OF company CARDS SIMILAR TO VISA / MASTERCARD,Negative
The prompt solution by the executive...the way he interacted...the spirit and happiness to help was super!,Positive
It solved my problem quickly...,Positive
cut down the time. It is not accepted in many stores and you have very limited offers running . Not good.,Negative
"The executive was very polite, made me feel important and promptly addressed my concern.",Positive
1. Solving my problem - My reward points were transfered to my Kingfisher account without any prior initimation. 2. Change of the terms and conditions of the Card. 3. Request for change of card. No one called back or visited me as promised. Already Answered.,Negative
The service agent was extremely helpful & forthcoming !! I was able to find a solution to the problem due to his persistence.,Positive
Was able to help me very with my issue.,Positive
you need more retail tie up. more than 50% outlets do not take it. no specific benifit and very low card penetration,Negative
"The information and I asked was provided promptly. I was very impressed with the courtesy, quality and service of the agent.",Positive
Good customer interaction & understanding,Positive
"I wanted timely delivery of the Reward certificate for Taj Malabar, which I got.",Positive
My query remain unresolved. Basic query should be resolved,Negative
"I have been travelling like Columbus and Vasco di Gama - 29 days a month and well, I was tensed about the payment I made which I made against my outstanding and the person other side listened my concern and made me complete comfortable. Service is superb, I felt I am talking to the person whom I know well. Thank You All.. Keep the good work going.",Positive
one of the agent said that doing calculations is not her job.. whereas all the previous executives have helped to the best of there abilities.. so i think she was arrogant but post that another agent came online and helped.. mostly the exp is good with customer care..... i think you need to work on the statement format.. its totally confusing..... and doesnt share exact info...,Negative
The Customer Care representative should be more polite. This girl was helpful but rude.,Positive
some executive do not respond well.All executive/officers should be trained to be customer focused.They sometimes show their helplessness that system do not allow them to do this or that.However when the same problem is taken to senior officers it is generally addressed well.so the customer care executives should also be competent to address the problem of a customer quickly.,Negative
"My concern was not taken seriously. Even after the customer care executive commited to revert me back in a time period told by him/her, I did not get any response from them.",Negative
The Rep sounded as she actually cared about my issue and was extremlly polite and courteous,Positive
Most outlets charge an extra 4% handling charges if we have to swipe this card.Something needs to be done about this .horrible,Negative
Quick response - clear understanding of my requirement. Easy verification.,Positive
"When i had conversation with that guy, it feels that i am talking with him daily, no stranger thoughts. he greeted me with very natural way it feels that i am talking to someone i know very well. his attitude towards handling the customer on behalf of routine things talking was marvelous... thanks for the excellent training... cheer up guys...",Positive
Customer Service should allow me or facilitate transfer of points to Kingfisher as and when I want it - not when the bank wants!,Negative
it was resolved immediately,Positive
"I was completely satisfied with the answers for my queries. The customer service executive was courteous, warm and welcoming. This was the first time I had such a pleasant on-call experience with any of the banking service providers.",Positive
I had to block my card and the representative did it within seconds and she spoke very nicely,Positive
My query has not been resolved. Had been promised a call back in the next 4 working days and have still not received any to date.,Negative
"Very disappointed to realize after having 3-4 rounds of conversations with your senior CSD executives as well, that they could not manage a simple request of getting my Bill Cycle changed. The same was committed to me by the sales guy who'd come to me for selling the card, this, alongwith many other mis-promises has made my initial experience extremely painful. Finally, I'd made up my mind to get the card cancelled, but now, I'm merely keeping it, but will not shift my expenses onto this card. Prior to the purchase, I was promised many privileges, none of them came true. I even asked the sales guy to mail me across whatever he'd told me, even that mail has not yet come.",Negative
The rep should be more concerned in solving the problem Try to be reasonable with customers like me. I have given you a lot of business but you are equally involved in the issue as if it is not your policy to allow online betting than why did you allow it at first instance & continued for months. You even did not knew about it till I requested you to enhance the limits after reviewing my card usage & payments & you conveniently canclled the card without admitting your mistake. I tried using my other cards but they denied the same transaction which you allowed . The attitude is not acceptable as you even did not even warn me of misuse. I admit my mistake which happened due to lack of knowledge on the gambling policy but should have systems in place to disallow such transction at the first instance & rather covering your acts at a later date on the cost of the customer. Please understand the issue with an open mind & review my case.,Negative
the rep was not helpful.,Negative
The representative was very cordial and was able to sort out my issue with ease in a short time,Positive
"Personalized attention given to the customer Call got disconnected thrice, but the concerned executive could offer a call back, rare in the said industry. Delighted with the service level & customer focus that company has for its customers",Positive
Executive was really helpful and professional,Positive
I am waiting for the response committed to me.,Negative
"supportive , friendly",Positive
I wanted to the point conversation which did not happen.,Negative
She gave an order id which did not solve the problem.,Negative
The agent told me that he would call me the next day at 9PM to collect details of my other bills on which i wanted to setup an ECS instruction. But no one called back.,Negative
My problem is still not resolved. I cannot download my pdf statements from the website! Solve my problem; I am not interested in calling up anymore.,Negative
The support provided by the agent,Positive
"precise, with a perfect solution",Positive
1- Quality of the people is far better than anyother customer service. 2-Knowledge of the product. 3-They value the caller and not take them for granted.,Positive
YOU COULD GIVE MORE INFO THAT THIS CARDS IS NOW ACCEPTED WHEREEVER WE NEED TO USE A CARD. BUT MAJORITY DECLINE AND ASK VISA.WHY SO PL.,Negative
"Better liaising with merchant (Tata Sky) to sort out the problem. I was being tossed from one party to the other, each blaming the other. The problem was simple - Tata Sky's BillPay system would not recognize me as a valid payee because I was not the customer, but they insisted this wasn't the problem, and that the problem was with company.",Negative
Treat current customers with courtesy and respect. New business will automatically follow. Most of your cutomer service officers are rude in their tone and speak as if they are doing the customer a big favour.,Negative
